Draft: Release v5.0.0 (#767)
EducationalTestingService/skll: doc/run_experiment.rst

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

List of dictionaries containing parameters you want to have fixed for each
learner in the :ref:`learners` list. Empty dictionaries will be ignored
and the defaults will be used for these learners. If :ref:`grid_search<grid_search>` is ``True``,
there is a potential for conflict with specified/default parameter grids
and fixed parameters.

.. note::
    Tuples are not supported in the config file, and will lead to parsing errors.
    Make sure to replace tuples with lists when specifying fixed parameters.

> 

Reviewer: Can we add an example here? I think I had one in the issue?

Author: I added it in the beginning and then thought it was too lengthy and that whoever made it this far will know what a tuple is :)
I don't mind putting it back.

Reviewer: I think it's more to show folks what kinds of parameters are usually tuples. I think it's worth putting it back in.

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

List of dictionaries containing parameters you want to have fixed for each
learner in the :ref:`learners` list. Empty dictionaries will be ignored
and the defaults will be used for these learners. If :ref:`grid_search<grid_search>` is ``True``,
there is a potential for conflict with specified/default parameter grids
and fixed parameters.

.. note::
    Tuples are not supported in the config file, and will lead to parsing errors.
    Make sure to replace tuples with lists when specifying fixed parameters.

>     For example, the following parameter contains a tuple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As an example, consider the following parameter that's usually defined as a tuple in scikit-learn:
```

    .. code-block:: python

       {'hidden_layer_sizes': (28, 28)}

>     To specify it in `fixed_parameter`, use a list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To specify it in `fixed_parameters`, use a list instead:
```

       {'C': [0.01, 0.1, 1.0, 10.0, 100.0]}

.. note::
   1. Learners not listed here do not have any default
      parameter grids in SKLL either because there are no
      hyper-parameters to tune or decisions about which parameters
      to tune (and how) depend on the data being used for the
      experiment and are best left up to the user.
   2. Tuples are not supported in the config file, and will lead to parsing errors.
      Make sure to replace tuples with lists when specifying fixed parameters.

>       For example, the following parameter contains a tuple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      As an example, consider the following parameter that's usually defined as a tuple in scikit-learn:
```

    .. code-block:: python

       {'hidden_layer_sizes': (28, 28)}

>     To specify it in `param_grids`, use a list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To specify it in `param_grids`, use a list instead:
```
